Documentation (#24)
CDCgov/cladecombiner: docs/fixed_agg_workflow.md

Thus, the first four nodes are the root (in cladecombiner parlance, an empty string, `""`), B, B.1, B.1.1, and B.1.1.529 (aka BA, but note that cladecombiner is pedantic about names and does not accept naked aliases like BA).
Of these, only BA has multiple children among the observed lineages, so only it is a branching point in the tree.

## Aggregation targets

We also need the desired aggregation targets, the taxa to which we want to aggregate.
As with observed taxa, we can read these in or create them from strings.
Let us assume we want to aggregate to BA.2.86.1 (aka JN), BA.2, BA.5, and KP.1.1.

Aggregation requires us to be explicit about whether we are truly aggregating or not.
Three of these represent actual aggregations of the observed taxa, as we have observed lineages which are children of BA.2, BA.5, and JN.
However, as we have no children of KP.1.1 in our observed lineages, it is a tip.

```
target_taxa = [
    cladecombiner.Taxon("BA.2", False),
    cladecombiner.Taxon("BA.2.86.1", False),
    cladecombiner.Taxon("BA.5", False),

>     cladecombiner.Taxon("KP.1.1", True),

Reviewer: Is this equivalent to saying "map KP.1.1 to itself, and not to anything above it"?

Author: Yes. Adding that to the text above for clarity, and cross-linking to the section we describe _why_ we have to do this.

]
```

## Aggregate

We are now ready to create an aggregation object and aggregate.

```
agg = cladecombiner.BasicPhylogeneticAggregator(targets=target_taxa, taxonomy_scheme=scheme)

res = agg.aggregate(input_taxa)
```

The `res` object is an `Aggregation` object, essentially just a `dict[Taxon, Taxon]`, which maps each of the observed lineages in `taxa` to some aggregated taxon.
For the above input taxa and targets, the resulting mapping is:

```
Taxon(KP.1.1, tip=True)    : Taxon(KP.1.1, tip=True)
Taxon(BA.5.2.6, tip=True)  : Taxon(BA.5, tip=False)
Taxon(BQ.1.1.23, tip=True) : Taxon(BA.5, tip=False)
Taxon(JN.1.9.1, tip=True)  : Taxon(BA.2.86.1, tip=False)
Taxon(XDQ, tip=True)       : Taxon(BA.2.86.1, tip=False)
Taxon(JN.9, tip=True)      : Taxon(BA.2.86.1, tip=False)
Taxon(JN.6, tip=True)      : Taxon(BA.2.86.1, tip=False)
Taxon(XCU, tip=True)       : Taxon(BA.2, tip=False)
Taxon(BA.2.86, tip=True)   : Taxon(BA.2, tip=False)
Taxon(FW.1.1.1, tip=True)  : Taxon(BA.2, tip=False)
Taxon(BA.2, tip=True)      : Taxon(BA.2, tip=False)
```

## Using and saving the aggregation

> The resulting mapping can be used to re-name taxa in, for example, line-list data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The resulting mapping can be used to rename taxa in, for example, line list data.
```

A `dict[str,str]` can be obtained via `res.to_str()` which can be fed into the `replace` methods in [pandas](https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/reference/api/pandas.DataFrame.replace.html) or [polars](https://docs.pola.rs/api/python/stable/reference/expressions/api/polars.Expr.replace.html).

The `res.to_str()` dictionary can be saved for posterity by writing to file using python's [`json.dumps()`](https://docs.python.org/3/library/json.html) function.

> Saving the python script for posterity is also recommended.

Reviewer: On the call today we talked a little bit about pickling. The trick with pickling anything other than basic Python objects is that you can run into versioning trouble, IIRC. A problem for another time.

Where the saved map is an exact record of how the particular input taxa were mapped, the script can be used on a new set of input taxa to produce a new mapping.

## Important settings

When creating the `BasicPhylogeneticAggregator`, there are two important arguments: `off_target` and `sort_clades`.

> ### `off_target`

Reviewer: To check my understanding, if a taxon is "off target," that means that it doesn't have an ancestor taxon in the list of "target" taxa?

Author: Oh, good catch, I had a really bad description there. Yes, "off-target" means "no ancestor present in specified targets"
